capital = 542

oob = "ENG_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = ENG_oswald_mosley
recruit_character = ENG_stanley_baldwin
recruit_character = ENG_winston_churchill
recruit_character = ENG_harry_pollitt
recruit_character = ENG_alan_brooke
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_montgomery
recruit_character = ENG_claude_auchinleck
recruit_character = ENG_neil_ritchie
recruit_character = ENG_alan_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_william_slim
recruit_character = ENG_richard_oconnor
recruit_character = ENG_william_platt
recruit_character = ENG_george_giffard
recruit_character = ENG_harold_alexander
recruit_character = ENG_jackie_smyth
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_jacomb_hutton
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_percival
recruit_character = ENG_merton_beckwithsmith
recruit_character = ENG_henry_pownall
recruit_character = ENG_john_vereker
recruit_character = ENG_henry_wilson
recruit_character = ENG_william_gott
recruit_character = ENG_jock_campbell
recruit_character = ENG_oliver_leese
recruit_character = ENG_miles_dempsey
recruit_character = ENG_brian_horrocks
recruit_character = ENG_archibald_wavell
recruit_character = ENG_james_fownes_somerville
recruit_character = ENG_henry_harwood
recruit_character = ENG_andrew_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_bruce_fraser
recruit_character = ENG_john_tovey
recruit_character = ENG_bernard_rawlings
recruit_character = ENG_john_cunningham
recruit_character = ENG_charles_forbes
recruit_character = ENG_algernon_willis
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_power
recruit_character = ENG_horatio_dundas
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_ironside
recruit_character = ENG_david_stirling
recruit_character = ENG_james_somerville
recruit_character = ENG_kenneth_anderson
recruit_character = ENG_louis_mountbatten
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_harris
recruit_character = ENG_james_chadwick
recruit_character = ENG_jfc_fuller
recruit_character = ENG_frank_whittle
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_15
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_14
recruit_character = ENG_ernle_chatfield
recruit_character = ENG_trafford_leigh_mallory
recruit_character = ENG_max_horton
recruit_character = ENG_tom_phillips
recruit_character = ENG_hugh_dowding
recruit_character = ENG_charles_portal
recruit_character = ENG_dudley_pound
recruit_character = ENG_raymond_briggs
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_bowhill
recruit_character = ENG_cyril_newall
recruit_character = ENG_sholto_douglas
recruit_character = ENG_edward_ellington



recruit_character = ENG_john_beckett
recruit_character = ENG_corgis_1
recruit_character = ENG_corgis_2
recruit_character = ENG_corgis_3
recruit_character = ENG_alan_turing
recruit_character = ENG_clement_attlee
recruit_character = ENG_ernest_bevin
recruit_character = ENG_leslie_hore_belisha
recruit_character = ENG_george_orwell
recruit_character = ENG_nevile_henderson
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_8
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_9
recruit_character = ENG_david_lloyd_george
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_1
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_2
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_3
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_4
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_5
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_6
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_7
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_13
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_12
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_11
recruit_character = ENG_random_communist_minister_10
recruit_character = ENG_mary_sophia_allen
recruit_character = ENG_philip_kerr
recruit_character = ENG_sylvia_pankhurst
recruit_character = ENG_stewart_menzies
recruit_character = ENG_maxwell_aitken
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_moore


1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RAJ
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KEN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SAF
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = AST
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NZL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = UGA
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = ZIM
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BOT
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = ZAM
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MLW
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = UGA
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KEN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NGA
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = GHA
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SIE
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = GAM
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BRM
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colonial_government
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	else = {
		puppet = MAL
		puppet = RAJ
	}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = patdem
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	communist = 0
	socialist = 2
	socdem = 18
	libdem = 17
	condem = 18
	patdem = 21
	autocrat = 14
	fascist = 10
}

create_country_leader = {
	
	name = "King George V"
	desc = "The leader of the United Kingdom."
	picture = "gfx/leaders/ENG/Portrait_ENG_King_George_V.dds"
	expire = "1936.1.20"
	ideology = paternalism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}
